docs(auth): add alert for onAuthUiStateChange (#3561)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/migration/migration.react.mdx

The latest version of the `Authenticator` component has several differences from earlier versions. Here are a few of the major changes that you'll need to look out for.

<Alert variation="info" >
  For previous use of `onAuthUiStateChange`, see [useAuthenticator](/react/connected-components/authenticator/headless#useauthenticator-hook).

> </Alert>

Reviewer: What do you think about changing this to subheading `####` to match others here?

#### CSS Styling

The latest version of the `Authenticator` has a completely different set of CSS variables. Please look over the [Amplify CSS Variables](../connected-components/authenticator/customization#styling) section for more information.

#### `onAuthUiStateChange`

> For previous use of `onAuthUiStateChange`, see [useAuthenticator](/react/connected-components/authenticator/headless#useauthenticator-hook).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
Previous versions of `Authenticator`  exposed a `onAuthUiStateChange` handler to detect Auth state changes. For similar functionality see [useAuthenticator](/react/connected-components/authenticator/headless#access-auth-state).
```

#### CSS Styling

The latest version of the `Authenticator` has a completely different set of CSS variables. Please look over the [Amplify CSS Variables](../connected-components/authenticator/customization#styling) section for more information.

#### `onAuthUiStateChange`

> For previous use of `onAuthUiStateChange`, see [useAuthenticator](/react/connected-components/authenticator/headless#useauthenticator-hook).

Reviewer 3: I'm concerned that this might just confuse users once they land on the `useAuthenticator` documentation since there is nothing related to `onAuthUiStateChange` in that documentation. 

Suggest thinking about how to help the user understand what they need to use in order to migrate from `onAuthUiStateChange`

Author: How about the following? @calebpollman 

```
`onAuthUiStateChange` is deprecated and migrated to `useAuthenticator` since v2, see [useAuthenticator](/react/connected-components/authenticator/headless#useauthenticator-hook).
```

Reviewer 2: left a suggestion below

Author: Done d732e33c36d7f3acc899441f606c2b7ea3e533cd
